hi everybody this is Jenna from cookies
cupcakes in car neucom today I'm going
to show you how to make cake batter
flavored Oreo truffles we're going to be
using the special birthday edition Oreo
cookies which are flavored in the center
of cake batter and I've been dying to
find a recipe to use up this delicious
cake flavored vodka so in the chocolate
that covers the truffle we're going to
put in some the next nice extra treat so
stay tuned we're gonna get started right
now so for this specific recipe we're
going to use an entire bag of these
birthday Oreos and we are going to need
8 ounces of any kind of chocolate chip
or you can use baking squares you can
melting wafers whichever you want to use
and it's eight ounces of fat and you're
also going to need eight ounces of cream
cheese at room temperature if you want
to add the vodka that will be a step
that you can put into this is um three
olives cake flavored vodka and if you
can't find these Oreos because they're
probably off the shelves already because
I've been storing these ones for
something special you can just use any
regular kind of Oreo or you can also use
any kind of cookie and it works just
fine in the exact same way you still use
cream cheese and you still use the
chocolate so we are going to pull out a
food processor because we're going to
start with that and we will make all
this stuff disappear and we'll be right
back
so with the entire bag you're just going
to put it into a food processor if you
don't have a food processor you can use
a blender as well and if you don't have
a blender or a food processor you can
just use a good can of soup put your
cookies in like a ziploc bag or any kind
of sealable bag and you can bang away
and you'll get your cookie crumbs so put
those all in there and you're going to
crush them up so we have ground up the
cookies until they are fine crumbs and
you just want to do that until you've
just got no chunks left so just keep
your processor going until then so what
we're going to do is transfer this to a
bowl and we'll do it our next step so in
the bowl we have our Oreo crumbs and
we're going to take the 8 ounces of
cream cheese it's just been sitting at
room temperature and using your dance
you're gonna get dirty you're just going
to mix up the cookie crumbs and the
cream cheese until you have it nice and
mixed together so once the cream cheese
is fully incorporated into the cookie
crumbs I'm just going to use a cookie
scoop to measure out the portions of the
basically of the batter I guess you
could call it in order to roll equal
sized balls so once I've got all these
balls rolled and I will do is pop them
into the freezer because the final step
is to coat them in chocolate and I just
find that it's a little bit easier if
the balls are cold especially if there's
any like flake egde that's gonna come
off of the balls and then it doesn't get
into your chocolate that you've melted
and Derby that alone
so the Oreo truffles have all been
rolled out and they're ready for the
freezer so I'm going to put them in the
freezer for about half an hour and in
the meantime you can start melting your
chocolate and when we come back when the
balls are nice and cold we are going
I'll tell you a little bit about the
steps that you have to do in order to
add the alcohol to the chocolate okay so
once you have your chocolate melted
you're going to slowly add additions of
the alcohol I'm going to start with 1
tablespoon and what you're going to see
happen is because some of the alcohol is
going to evaporate that is going to cool
down the temperature of the chocolate
and so it's kind of going to re solidify
the chocolate just slightly and it's
going to turn it into a paste like
texture so what we have to do is just to
counteract that is keep adding
increasing amounts of the alcohol so I'm
going to just do it by the tablespoon
until I get back to the proper
consistency in order to dip the
chocolate truffles into so you can see
it's getting quite stiff again and if
you don't want to add the alcohol or you
don't have cake vodka you can go without
completely and you can just dip the
truffles in the chocolate right when it
comes out and if you have a different
preference of alcohol to put in you
absolutely can do that too and follow
the exact same procedure ok so what we
did was we actually ended up mixing
about four and a half tablespoons of the
vodka into it but you can tell now that
it's a nice liquid again and if you're
an alcohol lover you were gonna be
really happy with this recipe so all you
do is you place one of the balls into
the chocolate stir it around get it all
covered pull it out and what I've got is
I'm drying them or letting them drip off
on what is called a drying rack or a
cooling rack for your baked goods so you
don't end up with the little feet
underneath and it can just drip right
through and while it's still wet of
course you can't have
anything that's called birthday cake
without having birthday sprinkles on it
so you want to put that on while it's
wet so they stick to the chocolate so
I'm just going to keep rolling and
sprinkling until I am finished all of
the balls and I will be back to show you
the finished product so here you have it
everybody these are the birthday cake
Oreo truffles and they are covered in
the cake flavored vodka chocolate
complete with the sprinkles to celebrate
any special occasion and especially a
birthday so thanks for watching
everybody remember to subscribe to our
channel you can find us on Twitter
Facebook and Google+
you